All right so finally what I want to do is to type something on the input and change the state.
Now we already have a function to grab the event right here.
We have an event that triggers a function whenever we change something on the input.
All right that's that's it.
So inside this function what we're going to do we're going to grab an instance of this state the state
of the component and change the values inside keyboards.
So OK I'm going to just delete this and right here to change this state.
What we need to do is we need to do this we need to call the Diski ward and say Dot and do set state
inside the same state we are going to open close the parenthesis and right here inside an object.
What I'm going to do is say keywords.
It's the same thing we have right here and now inside keywords.
I'm going to just set the new state of keywords and see if we can't we have the event right here.
We're just going to call event that target just like we did before.
And then just the value.
OK that's good.
Now I get to reload the application and if I type something right here I'm going to get an error message
cannot read properly set state of undefined and this is good.
Now the thing is that you're calling this input function.
And whenever we go right here input from interchange we're calling this and this means this function
and we didn't have a state on this function.
The state it's going to be inside the constructor of this class so we can use it this way we need to
do something else and there's pretty much two ways to do this.
I can assure you one way and maybe later on the application I can show you a different way of doing
this.
Now we need to create a relation right here with the this function and the actual class.
So the way to do it we're going to go right here on the impot change and what I'm going to do I'm going
to say Dot and I'm going to call the bind method and say bind.
And inside the bind I'm going to say that OK.
So this is what this is doing it's saying OK if I trigger the call this function I need to whenever
inside this function if they say does this mean this class and not this function.
That's why we do define this.
You're kind of changing the behavior of this function.
There's a different way to do this in six.
But for now we're going to do it like this because maybe in the future you can use someone else's code
and you're going to say that maybe they are doing this and you're not going to know why they're doing
this.
We're just making a relationship between the function and the actual class.
So OK so if I go right here on the input I'm going to type I don't know John.
OK.
That's fine.
We're not getting an error message.
So this means that the said State it's working.
We are changing the state the default state.
So now keyboard's it's not empty anymore and it's going to be John.
Now when when when you need to to change the default state to change state inside react you need to
do it through set state.
Now if you come from javascript to S-5 so maybe you have you have a different object right here and
really have an array.
For example you can do this movie DOD called the state.
You can say this state for example then darte and you're going to do push and you push some values.
Well in re-act this it's not allowed.
It's going to work but you shouldn't do it this way.
So this is a big big mistake.
You shouldn't do it like this if you want to change a state.
You always need to do it through set state.
This is the method that re-act provides us to change to change a state.
OK.
That is get weird successfully changing the state.
The thing is that I have no way to prove it right now.
So we're going to go to the next lecture and we can to add some things so we can bew the we can check
the estate changing.